[workers] Update changelog.md (#9451)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2023-06-19

> - TCP Sockets now report better errors when a connection cannot be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [TCP Sockets API](/workers/runtime-apis/tcp-sockets/) now reports clearer errors when a connection cannot be established.
```

@dom96
